---
layout: base
section: changelogs/0.3.x
title: Change - 0.3.x
---
# Version 0.3.4
## Changes 
- Change the ESI URL `esi.tech.ccp.is` to `esi.evetech.net`
- Added warning if the user does not provide `User-Agent` headers to EsiClient and EsiSecurity

&nbsp;

# Version 0.3.3
## Changes and fixes
* Fix `EsiSecurity.verify()` when not using tranquility. (@akakjs #30)

&nbsp;

# Version 0.3.2
## Changes and fixes
* Allow the user to set a custom `cache_prefix` when creating `EsiApp` so the prefix are controlled by the user. Default value is still `esipy`
* Renamed `EsiApp.force_update()` into `EsiApp.clear_cached_endpoints(prefix=None)`. Now `clear_cached_endpoints` only clear cache for the cache_prefix (either the one defined when creating `EsiApp` or the one given as parameter. All endpoints objects are recreated upon next call automatically. 

&nbsp; 

# Version 0.3.1
## Changes and fixes
* Added fix in client to avoid outdated results: `expires` header in the past (#27 thanks to @cbz)
* Added cache for meta endpoint in `EsiApp` as this one was not cached 
* Prefixed cache key with `esipy:` to prevent easy cache key collision if someone uses its own cache.

&nbsp; 

# Version 0.3.0
## Changes 
* Do not try to cache response if there's no `expires` information (#22)
* Fix cache behavior to be the same everywhere. See details below.
* **Breaking changes :**
    * Rename signal instances to be fully capitalized.
        * `after_token_refresh` become `AFTER_TOKEN_REFRESH`
        * `api_call_stats` become `API_CALL_STATS`
    * Renamed the following `EsiSecurity` methods:
        * `get_access_token_request_params` to become `get_access_token_params`
        * `get_refresh_token_request_params` to become `get_refresh_token_params`

## New Feature: EsiApp
EsiApp is an object that will be used to play with ESI Meta Swagger spec. <br>
That mean you will be able to easily get meta endpoints, like `/verify`, `/status` the same way as the current App object, but it allows you to also get all current swagger spec used in ESI, for versionned endpoint and others.

Please look at the doc for how to use it. 

## Caching behavior change
Until now, cache objects worked differently when timeout was equal to `0` or `None` depending on which engine you used for caching. <br>
To prevent error if switching between engine and to have consistent behavior, if timeout now equals `0` or `None`, the data will not expire.
