---
layout: base
section: changelogs/0.4.x
title: Change - 0.4.x
---
# Version 0.4.0
## Cache - Possible breaking change
* All cache have lost the timeout parameter in `set()` method.
* If you have a custom cache with timeout, you should remove it, as it will not allow the Etag process to be used. If you keep it with a default value, it will continue to work.

## EsiClient
* Do not cache `POST`, `PUT` and `DELETE` requests anymore
* Support for head requests
* Add `Etag` mechanism in the cache management
* Allow to set a `raise_on_error` flag in `EsiClient.request()` to get an exception when status is not 2XX. 
* Add a `timeout` value for requests in the `EsiClient.__init__()` to force timeout requests (default is `None`)
* Allow to define a custom Signal to replace `API_CALL_STATS` using `signal_api_call_stats` when initializing the client.

## EsiSecurity
* Allow to define a custom Signal to replace `AFTER_TOKEN_REFRESH` using `signal_token_updated` when initializing the client.
* Add a token identifier that will be returned to the `AFTER_TOKEN_REFRESH` signal listeners, so it can identify a token

## APIException
* Added request_param and response_header to the Exception, to have more precise data for error management

## EsiApp
* `cache_time` parameter value has changed. Number and 0 will still behave like before (forcing a cache time or no expiration with `0`), `None` will disable forced cache time and use `Expires` header from swagger specifications. Default is still 1d caching.
* While getting swagger spec (meta or any version), `EsiApp` will make sure to deal correctly with caching (headers `Expires` and `Etag`) by doing a `HEAD` request before (due to how `App` object works).
* Add a `datasource` argument on initialization, to be able to get swagger spec for specific datasource (`tranquility` by default, or `singularity`)

## Thanks
- @SpeedProg (#38, #39)
- @ArchEcho (#36)
- @blitzmann (#34)